@portia44 - The story is true...every word, and I CANNOT allow you to publicly call me a liar without defending myself!!!!!My van was white and burgundy; the dj ella ba I wore was hand-spun and hand-woven with soft, white wool. I was born with plain, white flesh so my head and hands sticking out of the shoulders-to-toes garment were white, too. I am not saying that I was picked on because I was wearing Moroccan clothing and could have been mistaken for a north African, but that is entirely possible. To satisfy political correctness, I will add that the cash payment I received for the van was in Belgian money and not Canadian, but I do clearly recall how much the cash converted to in Canadian funds. The stupid part is that my spouse and I let that police officer cart us around without protesting or making any attempt to escape! He first took us to 'the station' in the back seat of his police car so he could contact the relatives in Canada we named to arrange for plane tickets back (we arrived in Europe with one-way tickets and, after travelling throughout Europe and north Africa for two years, had run out of sufficient funds to buy them so we planned to work in England for awhile). The police officer next escorted us to the car dealership to divest us of our movable home, and then we were taken once more in the back seat of his police car, only to be dumped at the airport to await our flight for hours and hours, until tickets and departure were finally arranged. To this day, I do not know why we quietly acquiesced to his every demand and did not oppose him at all when we were doing nothing wrong and we were not even formally arrested! I suppose we were just frightened, intimidated tourists unaccustomed to criminal or legal trouble in a foreign country, but to this day I feel taken advantage of because I am aware of the cash value of the van. However, getting back to what I am saying - Belgian police have recently been extremely negligent in their jobs and there are many possible reasons for that negligence, one of which could be their attention being diverted with 'on the take' opportunities.