While your conclusion that Ms. Clinton lost the election because she is a woman may be valid, I think you're over-distilling a complex set of issues into a simple gender issue. Remember, Mr. Trump chewed his way through 16 other Republican contenders, most of them men, and probably all of them technically more qualified than he. Much of that spectacle occurred long before it was evident that Ms. Clinton would be the Democratic nominee. You assume, incorrectly, that America is a progressive society. While there are progressive segments, what this election demonstrated is the opposite. Sexism, racism and xenophobia are alive and doing very well there, particularly in the Republican caucus. Further, politics is relentlessly self-serving, at the personal and party level. Also, especially since 2008, economic growth has disproportionately benefitted the wealthy. (That's a big issue on its own, but its relevance here is that the privileged are making the economic and political decisions to their own benefit while the underclass is falling farther behind.) For example, how can America's election campaign funding model be considered fair and democratic? Mr. Trump has ably exploited all these issues. Ms. Clinton, besides being a woman, also became the poster-person for the status quo. In effect her biggest asset - her vast experience - became a liability. Perhaps Bernie Sanders would have been a better adversary, not because he's a guy, but because he also was speaking out about the injustices being suffered by less privileged Americans. Those arguments worked very well for his popularity too, particularly among young women. And, since we're here, Ms. Clinton wasn't so overwhelmingly popular among those younger women. While one can argue with some validity that some women are against a female President, I'd venture that for many of them, other issues are in play. While it is fair to speak out against sexism (and racism and xenophobia) in America and elsewhere, my worry now is that Americans have elected a sorcerer's apprentice. How much damage can this apprentice do? I worry about increasing instability in eastern Europe (in particular). I worry about war over the South China Sea. I worry that the global ecosphere is in deeper trouble now, due to Mr Trump's inappropriate policies on climate change, habitat destruction and unsustainable, profit-driven, wasteful consumption of resources. I wonder what my granddaughter's life will look like in 40 years. Maybe she'll be Prime Minister, but what kind of world will she have to live in?