I find it hard to believe the author of this article is a university professor. The tone of the piece is self-congratulatory and questionably factual. Important facts are omitted or skewed in the interest of artificially supporting the author's point and logic fails.'Europe has failed the refugees'....really. Poor Greece has been inundated with refugees that can't afford to help. Germany accepted 140, 000 refugees in 2015 (not just Syrian), Italy and Sweden 30,000 each, France 20,000. Small Denmark was swamped with 20,000 refugee applications. Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan and even Egypt and Iraq have been helping the refugees since the beginning of the crisis (2011). For the most part they permitted Syrians access to their countries and have spent vast amounts of money to support them - some published numbers include Turkey, by the start of December 2014, spent USD 4.5 billion in direct assistance to Syrian and as of mid-2014, tiny Jordan and Lebanon had provided more than US$ 1.2 billion and 1.6 billion respectively. Many refugees are not interested in leaving the region. Millions want to return home once the war is over and would prefer to stay close to home - little interest was shown in immigrating to Canada when they were questioned last year. And as for complaints by the author that 'More than 1,000 of the newcomers are living in temporary housing. And we still have a shortage of family doctors, a lack of proper dental care for low-income adults and a lack of subsidized daycare spaces for parents who want to learn English'. How does that differ from the plight faced by many Canadians? Should refugees be somehow afforded a higher priority than citizens?And the comment 'University-age refugees, or those who already have foreign degrees, can't afford our postsecondary system, sending many to low-income jobs instead. What future do refugees have without proper language training, Canadian education or Canadian work experience' pretty much sums up why the refugees don't want to come to Canada or complain when they get here. Resettlement of refugees is a complex, time consuming undertaking and resource intensive. How is Canada supposed to magically change this experience? It is easy to put these complaints to paper but I see not solutions proposed - and that is the hard part.