Mr Trudeau and his ministers need to put their various pet projects aside for the time being and sit down for a really serious discussion of the Canadian economy and the implications of Mr Trump's victory for it and what some of the scenarios look like. Then Mr Trudeau needs to have the same conversation with the premiers. That doesn't necessarily mean getting rid of carbon taxes, but it certainly means making them genuinely revenue neutral. That means returning all the revenue to individuals and corporations in the form of reduced taxes, including corporate taxes and regulatory costs, to maintain competitiveness. That's what economists who proposed carbon taxes originally had in mind, rather than treating carbon taxes as a big sin tax that goes into general revenues for addressing deficits and paying for pet projects, as our governments tend to regard them. Otherwise, we jeopardize Canadian competitiveness and prosperity. Arrogantly and contemptuously dismissing these concerns as not worthy of consideration in comparison to the fate of the earth or whatever will just increase the likelihood of Canada producing its own Trump three or four years from now. For the long term, we need not only to defend the Canada-US free trade agreement, even if it is modified in some way, but to expand our trade connections with other countries. CETA is a good start. However it is also important to grow our own internal market. That means eliminating interprovincial barriers to trade in goods and services. Here Mr Trudeau needs to start knocking some provincial premier heads. And it means increasing Canada's population. The advantage of increased population, so long as it is a productive population that isn't just an overall drain on resources, is that it increases the internal market and makes it less susceptible to the inevitable vicissitudes of foreign trade and isolationist eruptions elsewhere. That's a great advantage the United States and Europe have and Canada lacks. Faced with a situation like Mr Trump's victory, Mr Chretien and Mr Martin would have sat down for some blunt conversations with members of their own party and provincial counterparts , as they did concerning the implications of the deficit for Canadian prosperity. Mr Trudeau needs to show he is made of the same stuff.