Boy it's hard to begin a refutation on Charles petty little lies and hypocrisy. An agent of the CIA and the Pentagon, America's Great War Machine, he is most definitely. A dispute between China, Taiwan, Vietnam and others on the extent of their respective sovereignty in the S. China Sea dates back to end of WW2, but originated around 1900. It's been a century of on/off squabbles, their own affairs. But when Hillary became SoS a few years ago she proclaimed with great hubris Asia Pivot! What this means is the U.S. will install massive military forces in the region to contain & control China. And thus the Obama regime inserted itself into this century old affair, made it America's business, to cover the real goal of Asia domination. To meddle in this adventure and see what come out of it just like Syria. And if its war so much the better. The design is classic but most evil. Nobody like to be 'contained' and China responded. [I like to see America being 'contained' one day and enjoy to see how it jumps and cries like a bullied child.]The so-called Tribunal is not a UN-sponsored body. It is just an opinion body in a far away European country with absolutely no court power. It deals only with economic matters, not politics or border. Philippines previous president asked it to pass an opinion on the matter of Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ), not border or sovereignty. Specifically, what size of an island qualified for EEZ. The Tribunal reports that NO island or sandbar or reclaimed islands currently in the SCS qualify for EEZ. It also defined what size will qualify. That's it. No islands built or claimed by all parties - China, Taiwan, Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia is an EEZ and therefore not a basis for border. That's the opinion for this body. The meaning is simply that they can build bigger islands to fit the EEZ definition, or just go sit down and work out a border solution. China is willing to talk but not with the U.S. inserting itself in the matter. The new Philippine president agreed and they will begin the talk. Once they formed a framework others may join to effect a solution. This of course is very bad news for American war mongers and Asian Pivoters. What would they do without the excuse to insert even more massive forces than they currently have in the region, to ensure there is a Vietnam War 2.0 to match Cold War 2.0 in Europe? Thus you have CIA puppet like Charles writing this article in desperation. 