I'm going to tell my daughter that in the US, according to a massive, detailed analysis of decades of elections at all levels, there is no statistically significant difference in a woman's likelihood of being elected when running for office.I'm going to tell my daughter what I told the two demoralized young female cashiers at the grocery store: That having watched Hillary's career for 20 years, having looked at her major donors (monied interests), having read some of the leaked emails, having looked at her positions regarding due process for accused men, having read accounts from former staff (from SS to aides to housekeepers) that she has a hair trigger temper and a habit of domestic violence and abuse of underlings, I would never have voted for her. Not in a million years. I'd have voted in Peewee Herman over her. I'm going to tell my daughter that having a vagina does not make someone a good person, that being a skilful rhetorician doesn't necessarily make what someone says valid, and that being diplomatic and a convincing liar doesn't make a person honest. I'm going to tell my daughter that being sad because a woman didn't get in this time is silly, and I'll point her to some genuine examples of women who achieved great things and never sacrificed their honor or principles to do so, and never had to play 'the vagina card'--people like Anne Cools, Erin Pizzey, Karen Decrow, and even Marie Henein. I'll tell my daughter that when Marie Henein spoke with Peter Mansbridge about her defence of Jian Ghomeshi, I watched the video ten times, transfixed by her adherence to the principles of law, of justice, of due process, of presumption of innocence, of the right to a vigorous defence, and her awareness of the power of the state to utterly destroy the lives of people, innocent or not, if it is allowed to act without constraint. And I'll tell her about all the feminist women who declared Marie Henein to be a 'traitor to her gender' for the crime of doing her job passionately and competently, and that it's this same mentality that has convinced some women that the results of this election are proof of misogyny.I don't care about whether Hillary's a good mother, or whether she held her grandbaby enough. I don't care about whether she's 'cuddly'. I care about her competency, her honesty and her integrity, and from more than 20 years of observing her actions, I found her lacking. She's a corrupt career politician who's in the pocket of monied interests, who has been irresponsible with classified information, whose inaction has led to deaths, and who only seems to be good at courting massive donations from foreign dictatorships and the banking elite, and commanding speaking fees in the hundreds of thousands, all while claiming to be the voice of ordinary American women. Oh wait, my daughter already knows all of this. Never mind.