Sounds like Professor Yu is using the 'race card' because it is used to play Canadian politicians like harps.Professor Yu makes no mention of all the other nations in the world that use 'foreign investment taxes' to ensure globe-trotting foreigners don't hoover up housing stock that could house 'stay-put' citizens.  He makes NO mention of China's very restrictive land ownership policies, something that is done to protect real estate for domestic citizens ... and no one calls China 'racist' for doing that.  Even the Chinese Ambassador to Canada blamed Canada for not taking steps to control its domestic real estate market.I'm getting rather tired of the convenient use of the 'race lens' everywhere INSIDE Canada because it doesn't play very well elsewhere.  Canada is not perfect, but it is probably one of the least racist nations ... except when it comes to First Nations who tend to have been restricted by government decree until recent years.The following article from 2013 tells us that more than half of Toronto's population is NON-white (the target of authors who favour a 'race lens') -- same in Vancouver?: http://www.canadianbusiness.com/blogs-and-comment/a-fascinating-new-map-of-torontos-ethnic-distribution/ It also identifies the primary source countries for immigration as the Philippines, India, and China.  What are the current populations of the primary source nations for Canadian immigrants? As of June 30, 2015, China had the largest population at 1.362 billion followed by India at 1.252 billion with the Philippines coming in at 100,699,000. Populations of various nations can be found at http://populationpyramid.net/world/2015/   If we are going to talk about skin colour as if it is the DEFINING point for a nation, let’s be completely honest about the place of white skin (a 'trick' of melanin contained in all human skins) in the world.  White is the true minority colour in this global human mix.Canada receives large numbers of immigrants from homogeneous nations where being white is a rarity; yet, Canada is home to a very mixed population of 35,939,000. Within the context of world populations (particularly immigrant source nations), the number of 'white' people is miniscule. Many parts of Canada are trying to 'resemble' the populations of the entire world. Yet, NOWHERE ELSE in the world does that happen. Immigrant source nations are certainly NOT trying to resemble Canada, or attract ‘white’ people because they feel they MUST be more ‘diverse’, though 'Homo sapiens sapiens' simply describes the entire human race as ONE single species. What's up with the 'race lens' that is supposed to be applied uniquely and ONLY in Canada? I think Professor Yu knows better.