This is the thanks you get, Canada, for taking in so many HUGE families where unskilled parents have 8 to 15 children.  An earlier article referred to the new generation of refugees being born in birthing tents along the route to Europe -- parents aren't planning for the future of their own children when they continue to produce more and more of them as they move from crowded refugee camp to another. Rouba Al-Fattal should look at the huge increases in populations in the Middle East and take note of where most of the civil wars are taking place ... in nations where the population has tripled or quadrupled since the 1980s.  Huge numbers of people are fighting over territory, though they pretend it has something to do with religion.Nowhere on earth can millions of people cross an isthmus to existing host towns ... where they do not share the values of the hosts ... and demand to be taken in at the expense of the hosts. Demand housing, demand health & dental care, demand education, demand recognition for credentials at face value, demand childcare ... who is paying for all this? Hint: not the refugees.This is a smack in the face to all Canadians, particularly those who never thought it was a good idea to bring these huge families to Canada, preferring to send those funds (for flights to Canada and costly accommodation here) to refugee settlements in Jordan and other zones close to Syria.  Instead, we hear more and more demands without any recognition for all the associated costs.  Even Saudi Arabia and the other Gulf States do NOT accept refugees, even though they are member states of the UN.I suspect it is this pushy demanding attitude that leads to problems in the Middle East, along with the unsustainable growth in population. Canada has a high unemployment rate and is the participant (usually the victim) in many free trade deals.  Globalization, modernization, outsourcing and sophisticated new technologies ensure Canada cannot support a forever growing population.  Time to pick a target and stick to it ... not more glamorous political promises that impose massive costs now and into the future.