 Last week I posted that Donald Trump had a distinct possibility of winning the US election as this was in essence a Brexit USA style vote and the pollsters and media pundits had it wrong. I got the second highest up plus vote on the day on the G&M. For six months I have been saying that the people I knew in the USA felt a distinct disconnect with DC just like the UK had with Brussels.  The know it all Liberal Democrats are and were out of touch with the general populace of the 'flyover states' and Main Street USA has spoken. In recent days Obama showed his true colours as an out of touch president who tied his legacy coat tails to a nominee who was flawed in the publics view. Thursday morning will be an interesting meeting at the Whitehouse with Trump viewing the new real estate. I know many businessmen who have had past dealings with Trump and his word is his bond in their words and he is a stand up guy.  He will surround himself with advent professionals and will most likely be a great president. His acceptance speech shows that he will now be a committed bridge maker.  Chuck Todd of NBC was the only guy last night that got it early last night and spoke about a massive un polled demographic.  I look forward to seeing CNNs lead pollster eat a bug on TV today like he said he would if Trump won.  Maybe some of these guys should move their offices west of the Hudson to where real people live as Chuck Todd said last night.  I have to say that Trudeau showed well thought restraint in not saying anything negative about Trump and there are lots of world leaders in Europe that will have to back track on their public comments.  He may not be a great president for Canada but that is not his job.  W5 on the weekend showed a great man in the street USA Divided show and it was great journalism diving head long into parts of Ohio that most journalists did not tried.  I had several of my close friends and family watch that show.   I wish Trump and his family the very best for what will be a trying time now that the real difficult work begins.  