Uber drivers have filed a class action lawsuit claiming they have been misclassified as independent contractors and are entitled to be reimbursed for their expenses that Uber should have to pay, like for gas and vehicle maintenance. The lawsuit also challenges Uber’s practice of telling passengers that the gratuity is included and not to tip the drivers, even though you are not getting a tip!!We won a major victory on March 11, 2015, when the judge overseeing the case, Judge Edward M. Chen, of the federal district court in San Francisco, denied Uber’s motion for summary judgment!  In his decision, the judge agreed with many of our arguments about why Uber drivers may be properly classified as employees.  Click here to read the court’s decision.  Under the court’s order, the case will go to trial before a jury.  See the news stories below for reports on the ruling.The next step in the case will now be for the court to decide class certification, which would define the scope of the case and which drivers can be covered under it. The court has set a hearing on class certification for August 6, 2015.  We expect that Uber will argue that most drivers are bound by an arbitration clause, which prevents them from benefiting from a class action case in court.  In another case (which challenges Uber’s background checks), the same judge who is presiding over our case ruled that Uber’s arbitration clause is unconscionable and unenforceable.  However, Uber has appealed that decision.  In the event that the arbitration clause is ultimately enforced, we plan to file individual arbitration cases for drivers who may be bound by the arbitration clause. So if you did not opt out of Uber's arbitration clause within 30 days of accepting the agreement (and most drivers did not), please CONTACT US so that we can add you to our list of drivers to pursue individual arbitration if we need to do that, so that you can be assured of being covered by the result we obtain.  If you accepted an Uber contract within the last 30 days, you can still opt out of the arbitration clause by emailing optout@uber.com and saying you want to opt out of the arbitration clause.  IN OTHER WORDS, EVEN IF WE WIN THE CASE, YOU MAY NOT RECOVER ANYTHING FROM IT UNLESS YOU CONTACT US TO SIGN UP FOR ARBITRATION.  SO PLEASE EMAIL ELIZABETH LOPEZ, AT elopez@llrlaw.com, TO SIGN UP FOR ARBITRATION, IN THE EVENT THAT WE NEED TO FILE INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATIONS FOR DRIVERS.  MORE THAN A THOUSAND DRIVERS FROM AROUND THE COUNTRY HAVE ALREADY CONTACTED US TO JOIN OUR LIST.In a recent decision, the California Labor Commissioner ruled that an Uber driver was indeed an employee, not an independent contractor, and ordered Uber to reimburse the driver for her expenses.  This is the same remedy we are seeking for all Uber drivers in the class action lawsuit.  This decision was a great result and may be helpful to our lawsuit.  We were very pleased to learn that the California Labor Commissioner agrees that Uber is acting as an employer.  However, Uber has appealed the decision, which will be reviewed de novo in court, and so its impact on the class action case is not yet clear.We filed this case on behalf of Uber drivers across the country.  In an early ruling, the court agreed with us that the case could proceed on behalf of drivers nationwide.  In a later ruling, however, the judge changed his mind and limited the case to drivers in California. We think this decision was incorrect and we plan to appeal it. But meanwhile, if you have driven for Uber anywhere in the United States, and did not opt out of the arbitration clause within 30 days of accepting Uber’s licensing agreement, PLEASE CONTACT US to obtain a form to return to us so that we can pursue an individual arbitration claim for you, in the event that we have to pursue these claims individually, rather than through the class action.If you have any questions, feel free to call or email Shannon Liss-Riordan, the lead attorney representing the Uber drivers, or her paralegal assistant, Elizabeth Lopez, at (617) 994-5800, at elopez@llrlaw.com, or sliss@llrlaw.com.Attorney Liss-Riordan and her firm have represented thousands of tipped employees, and employees who have been misclassified as independent contractors, all around the country.  See her firm’s website for more information: www.llrlaw.com. Click here to read a copy of the lawsuit complaint.Click here to read the court’s summary judgment order of March 11, 2015.Click here to read a transcript of the summary judgment hearing held on January 30, 2015. 