Information overload is real. And very stressful.The tech revolution is like all revolutions before it. It began with idealism, hope and awesome innovations. Then came the disruptions to the status quo.The arts have suffered dreadfully. Recent reports show incomes for musicians, writers, and artists are way down from a decade ago. But the Tech Rebels scoff at this and call us to look to the Brave New World of Free Information, Art, and Music.One might ask where those who once were paid to write and sing will find money to eat, but that just makes you a reactionary and a counter-revolutionary. Food can now be printed on one's 3-D printer, says the Comrade of Tech.I'm tempted to scoff, 'Let them eat Bits &amp; Bytes', but that is a trademarked name.I listened to Douglas Coupland, who is sounding like a tech party hack more and more, talk about not being able to remember what it was like to not have the Internet. He has a Wired Brain now. And he offered an anecdote to prove it, only the anecdote proved to be vague and flat and unpersuasive (like everything Mr Coupland has written after Generation X).My library has ditched half its collection in the past two years in the naive belief we'll soon be fully digital and want to be fully digital. But the avid readers I know still prefer paper to screens, except when travelling. And though I love my Netflix, streaming is ephemeral with limited selection and brief windows of opportunity.Revolutions, as we know, do not lead to utopian worlds where everyone is free and equal. There's an Orwellian perversity to Tech Rebel's claims that Net Neutrality will bring about an Earthly Paradise when what we really see is a move to One Bookstore, One Taxi Dispatcher, One Encyclopedia, and One Index to the Whole World.The Robber Barons of the Gilded Age have returned and joining them are the Silicon Sultans of the Information Age. And we're called Users, like a drug addict, and yet we are the ones being used. The Bread and Circuses of the Internet keep us entertained while wealth and power becomes concentrated into the hands of a very select few.Aldous Huxley, Douglas Adams, and Neil Postman had it right. We are amusing ourselves to death. And I'm reminded of that scene in Ninotchka where Melvyn Douglas turns on the radio while romancing Greta Garbo and says his radio is 'a little box that you buy on the installment plan and before you tune it in, they tell you there's a new model out.'Who's watching the smart watchmen?